W-15045514 Connector configuration in ACB (#2513)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: connectors-home/modules/ROOT/partials/acb-config-file-connector-partial.adoc

> //These are used in the file-acb-configuration topic where properties are repeated

Reviewer: Nice

// tag::advanced-tab-attributes[]
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| UI Field | Description | Required

> | Error Mappings a| This attribute is not currently enabled in the configuration UI. Configure it in the XML editor. See xref:mule-runtime::mule-error-concept.adoc[]. | No

Reviewer: Global: Add the description here (at least the first part of it) so users can determine whether they want to click the link.

3+| Connection
| Reconnection strategy a| This attribute is not currently enabled in the configuration UI. Configure it in the XML editor. See xref:file-documentation.adoc#reconnect[Reconnect] and xref:file-documentation.adoc#reconnect-forever[Reconnect Forever], and <<configuring-reconnection-strategy>>. | No
|===
// end::advanced-tab-attributes[]

// tag::general-tab-attributes[]
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| UI Field | Description | Required

> | Source path | Specifies the path to the file or directory to perform the operation on. | Yes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Source path | Path to the file or directory to perform the operation on. | Yes
```

|Target path| Path to the directory to place the file in. | Yes

> |Create parent directories a|If the target path or its parent don't exist, then a parent folder is created if *Create parent directories* is selected (`true`). If *Create parent directories*  is not selected (`false`), then a `FILE:ILLEGAL_PATH` error is thrown when you try to perform the operation. | No

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Create parent directories a|If selected, a parent folder is created if the target path or its parent don't exist. If unselected, a `FILE:ILLEGAL_PATH` error is thrown when you try to perform the operation. | No
```

Reviewer: Where is the default column for this field? How does a user know whether `true` or `false` is the default?

> |Overwrite |If the target file exists, it is overwritten if *Overwrite* is selected (`true`). If *Overwrite* isn't selected (`false`), a `FILE:FILE_ALREADY_EXISTS` error is thrown when you try to perform the operation. | No

Reviewer: See my previous comment.

> |Rename to |The new name for the file. If a new name isn't provided, the original file name is kept.| No

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Rename to |New name for the file. If a new name isn't provided, the original file name is kept.| No
```
